Tfs2Gource==========Small [windows] command line designed to export changesets from TFS for use in Gource. You supply the TFS connection details, the project to get a list of changesets from, and the output path to persist the log file. From here you can take the log file and feed it into Gource to generate a code swarm.## Usage	tfs2Gource.exe -tfs scheme://domain:port/tfs/collection -u username -p password -do domain -projectpath $/TeamProject/Project -output filename.log	-t or -tfs      The URL to access TFS. Example: scheme://domain:port/tfs/collection. (Required)	-u or -username The TFS Username to connect to TFS.	-p or -password The TFS Password to connect to TFS.	-do or -domain  The username's domain to connect to TFS.	-r or -projectpath The TFS source location (as displayed in Visual Studio 'Source Control Explorer'). Example: $/teamProject/project/dev. Supports ';' seperated projects. Example: $/teamProject/projectA/dev;$/teamProject/projectB/dev. (Required)	-m or -minutes  Before now, how many minutes ago of changesets to return.	-d or -days     Before now, how many days ago of changesets to return. Default: 7 (overrides minutes).	-o or -output   The filename or filepath to save the log file to. Default: gource.log.## RequirementsRequires .net 3.5 client profile and TFS APIs (recommend installing Microsoft Team Explorer if VS2010/2012 isn't installed). Also will require Gource to generate the code swarm. You'll need to know how to script Gource to take this output from the command line.## LICENSE:(The MIT License)Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Clark-Robinson, ben.clarkrobinson@gmail.comPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaininga copy of this software and associated documentation files (the'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, includingwithout limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and topermit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject tothe following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall beincluded in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANYCLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.